* HTTP terminology
    1. Browser - Application used to access and navigated between HTML documents

    2. User Agent - Application acting on behalf of the user - literally an agent of the user - typically a browser

    3. TCP - Short for Transmission Control Protocol, one of the main internet protocols used by the World Wide Web, email, FTP,and remote administration

    4. IP - Short for Internet Protocol, IP is used to actually transfer data between computers over a network. Every device connected to the internet has an IP address.

    5. URL - Short for Uniform Resource Locator, an address pointing at a resourceon the web

    6. DNS - Short for Domain Name Server, DNS catalogs all domain name URLs and points them to the IP addresses of servers.

    7. Resource - The file of files available on a server when following a URL.
    
    8. Server  - computer on the internet running some form of data storage and sharing application, most commonly a web server application.

    9. Proxy - Softwere or hardwere service acting as a middle person between clients and servers

    10. Request-Responce Pairs - Clients and servers communicate over HTTP using request-response pairs. A request is sent, and a response returned

    11. Header - Requests and responses use HTTP headers to pass information back and forth.

    12. HTTP Request Method /Verb - Every HTTP request contains a method - aka a verb - explaining what action the sender wants to perform on the resource

    13. Status Responce Code - Numerical code in the 100 to 500 range describing what type of response the server sent back to the code

    14. Cache - Method for storing data on the client or the server to speed up performance

    15. Stateless - HTTP is Stateless, meaning every request and response is unique, and no state is stored.

    16. Cookies - String of data passed back and forth between the client and server to create a stateful session

    17. Session - Clients and servers can share information about states by passing information back and forth, creeating a session